Add OpenId default challenge to release notes (#14014)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/1.7.0.md

Due to Microsoft's recent rebranding, Azure AD has been renamed to Microsoft Entra ID. This only concerns UI labels and documentation, but technical identifiers remain, so you shouldn't expect anything breaking.

### `OrchardCore.OpenId` Module

> The `OpenId` module is enabling `plain` code challenge method by default, instead of `S256` that is previously used.

Reviewer: The wording is not right at all as it implies `S256` is no longer used, which is absolutely not the case. See https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/14013#issuecomment-1638328259.

Author: What do I mean that `S256` is previously used by default? If you need to rephrase please write a change suggestion

Reviewer: Enabled by default before the PR: `S256`.
Enabled by default after the PR: `plain`, `S256` (`S256` remains the recommended choice).

> If you need to rephrase please write a change suggestion

Honestly, there's no point adding that to the changelog, no one will notice this change 😄

Author: We prefer to do this, even the naming, for instance, Azure AD -> Microsoft Entra AD, this will help the users to track what changed from one release to another

> The `OpenId` module is enabling `plain` code challenge method by default, instead of `S256` that is previously used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `OpenId` module is now also enabling `plain` code challenge method by default. `S256` remains the recommended choice.
```
